Boston National Historical Park
State(s): MA

Description:
Discover how one city could be the Cradle of Liberty, site of the first major battle of American Revolution, and home to many who espoused that freedom can be extended to all.

Directions:
Visitor Centers are located at Historic Faneuil Hall, 1 Faneuil Hall Sq, and the Charlestown Navy Yard, Building 5. The Bunker Hill Museum is located at 43 Monument Square, Charlestown. Go to the Directions page for more detailed information.

Operating Hours:
Boston National Historical Park: Boston National Historical Park is a unique collaboration of federally, municipally, and privately owned and operated historic sites. Most of the park is along Boston's Freedom Trail®, a 2.5 mile (4 km) walking path marked by a red brick or painted line weaving through Downtown Boston, the North End, and Charlestown.

The trail itself is outdoors and open year round. Every site along the trail has its own hours which vary throughout the season. Please check ahead before planning your visit.
Bunker Hill Monument: Only 20 people are allowed in the Monument at a time. Last climb is 30 minutes before closure.

Be advised: The Monument may close for climbing due to weather conditions and/or other safety considerations.
Dorchester Heights: Dorchester Heights marks the site of George Washington's first Revolutionary War victory. The park grounds are open to the public daily.
Paul Revere House: The Paul Revere House is a Boston National Historical Park partner site operated by the Paul Revere Memorial Association.
Old North Church: Old North is a Boston National Historical Park partner site operated by Old North Illuminated.
Old State House: The Old State House is a Boston National Historical Park partner site operated by Revolutionary Spaces.

For more visitor information, please visit the Revolutionary Spaces website.
Old South Meeting House: The Old South Meeting House is a Boston National Historical Park partner site operated by Revolutionary Spaces.

For more visitor information, please visit the Revolutionary Spaces website.
The Great Hall of Faneuil Hall: The Great Hall is operated as a historic site by the National Park Service in partnership with the City of Boston. Faneuil Hall is owned and managed by the City of Boston. The Great Hall is closed to public visitation when City-permitted events are scheduled.

Visitors can find maps and other visiting materials in the Great Hall.
USS Constitution: USS CONSTITUTION is the oldest commissioned ship in the United States Navy. Naval officers and crew still serve aboard the ship. The Navy operates the ship as a historic site in cooperation with the National Park Service.
USS Constitution Museum: USS Constitution Museum collects, preserves, and interprets the stories of "Old Ironsides." The museum is a partner of Boston National Historical Park located in the Charlestown Navy Yard.
USS Cassin Young: USS CASSIN YOUNG is a Fletcher Class destroyer docked in the Charlestown Navy Yard. Park staff operate the ship seasonally. Weather conditions may alter hours without advanced notice.

Weather:
Temperatures range from warm, humid summer days to cold New England winter days. Wear comfortable sportswear in season, with comfortable walking shoes.