Crater Lake National Park
State(s): OR

Description:
Crater Lake inspires awe. Native Americans witnessed its formation 7,700 years ago, when a violent eruption triggered the collapse of a tall peak. Scientists marvel at its purity—fed by rain and snow, it’s the deepest lake in the USA and one of the most pristine on Earth. Artists, photographers, and sightseers gaze in wonder at its blue water and stunning setting atop the Cascade Mountain Range.

Directions:
From the west (Medford) - Take Hwy 62 to the West Entrance. Open year-round. From the south (Klamath Falls) - Take Hwy 97 north to Hwy 62 to the South Entrance. Open year-round. The North Entrance is on Hwy 138 and is accessed from Interstate 5 east at Roseburg or Hwy 97 south from Bend and Chemult. Winter travelers from Roseburg take Route 138 east to Route 230 south to Route 62 east to the park's west entrance. Travelers from Bend take Route 97 south to Route 62 to the park's south entrance.

Operating Hours:
Crater Lake National Park: Crater Lake National Park is open year-round, 24 hours a day. Some roads, trails, and facilities, however, are closed seasonally due to snow. North Entrance Road, and West and East Rim Drives close for the season on November 1 (or earlier if there is significant snowfall). Crews begin removing snow from these roads in April, but opening dates vary. The North Entrance Road and West Rim Drive tend to open in early June. The East Rim Drive typically opens in early July.
West Entrance: The park's West Entrance on Oregon Highway 62 is open year round.
South Entrance: The park's South Entrance on Oregon Highway 62 is open year round.
North Entrance: The park's North Entrance, off of Oregon Highway 138, is usually open from June through October. It is closed in the winter due to snow. Opening dates vary each year depending on snowfall and road conditions.

Weather:
July, August, and September are your best bets for warm, dry weather. In May, June, and October, sunny days alternate with periods of rain and snow. Winters at Crater Lake are long and snowy. Storms from the Pacific Ocean dump an annual average of 41 feet (13.5 meters) of snow at park headquarters. When it's raining or snowing, the lake is usually hidden by clouds. Crater Lake is completely invisible about 50% of the time in the winter!