George Rogers Clark National Historical Park
State(s): IN

Description:
The British flag would not be raised above Fort Sackville Feb. 25, 1779. At 10 A.M., the garrison surrendered to American Colonel George Rogers Clark. His American army, aided by French residents of the Illinois country, had marched through freezing floodwaters to gain this victory. The fort’s capture assured United States claims to the frontier, an area nearly as large as the original 13 states.

Directions:
The George Rogers Clark National Historical Park is located within the city of Vincennes, Indiana. Evansville is approximately 50 miles to the south and Terre Haute is approximately 50 miles to the north. Highway 41 provides good roads from the north or south. Highway 50 provides access from the east and west. From Hwy 50 east and west or from Hwy 41 from the north use the 6th Street exit. On Hwy 41 from the South use the Willow Street exit. From there follow the blue directional signs for the park.

Operating Hours:
Visitor Center: The George Rogers Clark National Historical Park Visitor Center is a great place to start your visit. The visitor center contains a small exhibit area, bookstore, and restrooms. The 30-minute introductory movie called "Long Knives" shares the backstory of George Rogers Clark and his campaign during the American Revolution. Before going to the Clark Memorial, check-in with a ranger at the visitor center.
Memorial Building: The memorial is opened on request. Please check with rangers at the visitor center to ensure that the memorial is open before ascending the 33 steps to the door.

The memorial building was designed by architect Frederic C. Hirons and constructed by the WR Heath company between 1931 and 1933.

Inside the memorial are seven (7) murals by artist Ezra Winter, a bas-relief by Joseph Kiselewski, and a statue of George Rogers Clark by Hermon Atkins MacNeil.
Parking Area: The Visitor Center parking area off of Second Street at Nicholas Street
Outdoor Areas: The Outdoor areas of the park except the Parking area.

Weather:
The weather in the area is quite typical for the Midwest. The average temperature for the winter months is in the mid 30s, but the summers can often be hot and humid with temperatures reaching into the 90s.