Glacier Bay National Park & Preserve
State(s): AK

Description:
Covering 3.3 million acres of rugged mountains, dynamic glaciers, temperate rainforest, wild coastlines and deep sheltered fjords, Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve is known as Homeland to the Huna and Yakutat Lingít, and is a highlight of Alaska's Inside Passage. From sea to summit, Glacier Bay offers limitless opportunities for adventure and inspiration.

Directions:
Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve lies west of Juneau, Alaska, and can only be reached by plane or boat. The only road in the area merely connects the small town of Gustavus and its airfield to park headquarters at Bartlett Cove (10 miles). Alaska Airlines provides daily jet service from Juneau to Gustavus in the summer months. Year-round scheduled air service is also provided by a variety of small air taxis and charters. The Alaska Marine Highway ferries also provide regular service from Juneau.

Operating Hours:
Glacier Bay Operating Hours and Seasons: There are no entrance gates at Glacier Bay National Park, so we are technically open 24-hours a day; however,  services may be extremely limited depending on the time of your visit.
The main visitor season is from late-May through early-September with the peak being the month of July. Check the VISITOR CENTERS tab below to see hours for specific facilities, and read the exceptions that detail seasonal changes in hours.
Glacier Bay Visitor Center Desk Hours: Located on the second floor of Glacier Bay Lodge in Bartlett Cove, 10 miles from Gustavus.
Staffed daily in summer with park rangers. Stop by for exhibits, park information, trip planning, bookstore, reading area, hydrophone kiosk, interpretive programs, park films, brochures, and much more.
Visitor Information Station (VIS) Hours: Located near the head of the public-use dock in Bartlett Cove, 10 miles from Gustavus. The "VIS" provides trip planning information, boating and camping permits, and offers boater/camper orientation sessions for visitors heading into the wild backcountry of Glacier Bay. Stop by and meet a park ranger.

Weather:
Summer temperatures average 50° to 60° F (10° to 15° C). Rain is the norm in lush southeast Alaska. It is best to be prepared to enjoy the park in any kind of weather, especially rain. Suggested clothing includes waterproof boots, rain gear, a hat, gloves, wool or pile layers or a warm coat. Good rain gear is essential here. April, May and June are usually the driest months of the year. September and October tend to be the wettest.