Golden Gate National Recreation Area
State(s): CA

Description:
Experience a park so rich it supports 19 distinct ecosystems with over 2,000 plant and animal species. Go for a hike, enjoy a vista, have a picnic or learn about the centuries of overlapping history from California’s indigenous cultures, Spanish colonialism, the Mexican Republic, US military expansion and the growth of San Francisco. All of this and more awaits you, so get out and find your park.

Directions:
Golden Gate National Recreation Area has many sites that span over 60 miles of mostly coastal areas north and south of San Francisco. Park areas can be reached by Highways 1, 101 and 280 from the north and south San Francisco Bay Area, and by Highway 80 from the East Bay. To access park headquarters at Fort Mason, please use the entrance at Franklin and Bay Streets in San Francisco.

Operating Hours:
Parking Lots: Although this urban park is accessible 24 hours a day in most areas, most parking lots are open between sunrise to sunset.
Day Use Areas: These areas are open from 6 a.m. until 1 hour after sunset.


Marin County: 
- Conzelman Rd (west, between traffic circle and Field Rd.)
- Kirby Cove (except registered campers with permits)
- Muir Beach
- Muir Beach Overlook
- Stinson Beach


San Francisco County
- Fort Point (north of the gate and adjacent areas)
- China Beach
- Fort Mason – Black Point Stairway to Van Ness Ave.
- Lands End
- Sutro Heights Park
Muir Woods National Monument: Muir Woods National Monument is open daily with hours varying throughout the year. Please check the Muir Woods National Monument park website for the most current, up to date information. 

In accordance with CDC, state, and local public health guidance related to COVID-19, these hours and availability of programs may vary.
Point Bonita Lighthouse (beyond the tunnel): We are currently open the following days/hours:

Monday: 12:30pm - 3:30pm
Tuesday: CLOSED
Wednesday: CLOSED
Thursday: CLOSED
Friday: 12:30pm - 3:30pm
Saturday: 12:30pm - 3:30pm
Sunday: 12:30pm - 3:30pm
Nike Missile Site: The Nike Missile Site in the Marin Headlands is open Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays from 12pm to 3pm for demonstrations and programs, unless otherwise posted.
Battery Townsley: Battery Townsley is open every first Sunday of the month between 12:00pm to 4:00pm for guided tours.
Fort Point National Historic Site: Fort Point National Historic Site is open Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm unless otherwise noted on Fort Point's website.

Weather:
Winter is characterized by sporadic rain and cool weather punctuated by brilliant sunshine. In winter the grass greens. Trees and flowers dormant through winter start blooming in late February or early March and last until May or June. By July, summer fog predominates in most coastal areas of the park. Grasses and plants have now turned to the golden brown and muted grays characteristic of California summer and fall. September and October skies are clear and sunshine is abundant everywhere in the park.