Grand Canyon National Park
State(s): AZ

Description:
Entirely within the state of Arizona, the park encompasses 278 miles (447 km) of the Colorado River and adjacent uplands. Located on the ancestral homelands of 11 present day Tribal Communities, Grand Canyon is one of the most spectacular examples of erosion anywhere in the world—a mile deep canyon unmatched in the incomparable vistas it offers visitors from both north and south rims.

Directions:
South Rim: Open all year, is located 60 miles north of Williams, Arizona (via route 64 from Interstate 40) and 80 miles northwest of Flagstaff (via route 180). Grand Canyon lies entirely within the state of Arizona. ---- North Rim: Select areas are open to public access between Oct 1 and Nov 14. View the park's news releases for details. The North Rim entrance station is located 30 miles south of Jacob Lake, AZ, on Highway 67; the actual rim of the canyon is an additional 14 miles south.

Operating Hours:
South Rim - South Entrance: Both Desert View (East Entrance) and South Entrance are Open 24 hours/day and 7 Days/week. Credit cards, and America the Beautiful passes are accepted for entry. Cash is not accepted at this time. The South Entrance Station, near Tusayan, Arizona, receives the most traffic, an experiences long lines and up to 2 hour wait times between 9:30 am and 4 pm. The East Entrance at Desert View - 32 miles east of the village (accessed via US 89 to Cameron, AZ, then west on SR 64, usually has shorter wait times.
South Rim - Desert View (East Entrance): The East Entrance to the park at Desert View is open 24 hours/day, 7 days/week. Visitors traveling through the Navajo Nation on US 89, turn west at Cameron, Arizona onto State Route 64, then drive 25 miles (40 km) to the park's East Entrance. A stop at Desert View provides spectacular first views of Grand Canyon and Colorado River. Most Desert View services are open for visitors. Desert View Campground will be open for the 2025 season between April 12 and October 12. 2025. Reservations are required.

Weather:
Since Grand Canyon has elevations that range from 2,500 feet at the bottom to 8,400 feet on the North Rim, weather can vary significantly depending on the season and the specific location within the park. Winters tend to be cold and snowy, and summers have periods of excessive heat. High temperatures inside the canyon tend to be 20 to 30 degrees warmer then on the canyon's rims. Weather conditions can change rapidly, so it's wise to check forecasts before visiting.