Gulf Islands National Seashore
State(s): FL,MS

Description:
Millions of visitors are drawn to the Gulf of America for Gulf Islands National Seashore's emerald coast waters, magnificent white beaches, fertile marshes and historical landscapes. Come explore with us today!

Directions:
Gulf Islands National Seashore is a place of myriad riches - blue-green, sparkling waters, magnificent white beaches, and fertile coastal marshes. Its 13 areas include historic forts, shaded picnic areas, trails, and campgrounds. From Cat Island, Mississippi, it stretches eastward 160 miles tot he Okaloosa Area east of For Walton Beach, Florida.

Operating Hours:
Davis Bayou Area: The Davis Bayou Area is located south of U. S. Hwy. 90 east of downtown Ocean Springs, Mississippi and offers many recreational opportunities. Visitors can enjoy fishing, hiking, biking, birdwatching, picnicking, kayaking and ranger-led programs. There are no swimming beaches in the Davis Bayou Area. Visitor Center hours are 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday - Sunday.
Fort Pickens Area: Located on the western end of Santa Rosa Island, the Fort Pickens Area of the park offers a variety of visitor experiences including fishing, hiking, swimming, camping, and touring historic coastal defense structures.  There is an entrance fee to visit the Fort Pickens Area. To contact a park ranger, get a stamp, or program information visit the historic Fort Pickens. Park store hours are 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Naval Live Oaks Area: Naval Live Oaks is located on U.S. 98 east of Gulf Breeze, Florida.  The fee-free area features many hiking trails and an overlook. Also great for fishing or launching a kayak.  Additionally, there is a youth group camping and picnic area available by reservation only.  Day use area only open form 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Report to Fort Pickens to purchase park passes and stamps.
Okaloosa Area: Located on U.S. 98 on the far eastern end of Santa Rosa Island, the Okaloosa Area of the park offers visitors the opportunity to swim, picnic, as well as a boat launch.
Santa Rosa Area: Santa Rosa Area (Opal Beach) is a fragile barrier island made up largely of fine quartz sand held together by plants adapted to this harsh environment. It provides habitat for many shore birds, small animals and nesting sea turtles.  An entrance fee is charged at this day-use area. No overnight parking or camping allowed. Santa Rosa is a pack-in and pack-out park so please keep our beaches clean. Glass containers and pets are not allowed on the beaches.
Perdido Key Area: Perdido Key is located off Florida Route 292 southwest of Pensacola. There is an entrance fee to visit the Perdido Key Area of Gulf Islands National Seashore.  Swimming, boating, fishing, hiking, and primitive camping are available year-round. No overnight parking allowed.
Petit Bois Island: This barrier island is located roughly 10 miles off the Mississippi coast and offers dramatic scenery, but limited facilities.  The island is accessible year round by private boat.  Primitive camping is allowed on the island. (Groups of 10 or more are required to get a permit).
West Petit Bois Island: This barrier island is located roughly 10 miles off the Mississippi coast and offers dramatic scenery, but limited facilities.  The island is accessible year-round by private boat. This island is protected by the wilderness act and all activities with groups of 10 or more are required to get a permit to include camping.
Horn Island: This barrier island is located roughly 10 miles off the Mississippi coast and offers dramatic scenery, but limited facilities.  The island is accessible year-round by private boat. This island is protected by the wilderness act and all activities with groups of 10 or more are required to get a permit to include camping.
Ship Island: This barrier island is located roughly 10 miles off the Mississippi coast.  Free tours and exhibits at Fort Massachusetts, a swim beach, pavilions, restrooms, showers, and snack bar are available seasonally.  A passenger ferry is available March through October, and the island is accessible year-round by private boat.  Camping is not permitted on Ship Island. For Massachusetts is open 10:15 am - 2:15 pm Wednesday - Sunday during the operating season.
Cat Island: This barrier island is located roughly 10 miles off the Mississippi coast and offers dramatic scenery, but limited facilities.  The island is accessible year round by private boat.  Primitive camping is allowed on the National Park Service owned portion of the island. (Groups of 10 or more are required to get a permit).
Fort Barrancas Area: The Fort Barrancas Visitor Center, Fort Barrancas, and Spanish Water Battery are open on select days from 9 am–4 pm, with last entry to Fort Barrancas and the Spanish Water Battery at 3:30 pm. Advanced Redoubt (exterior only) is open daily 9 am–4 pm.

The Fort Barrancas Visitor Center, Fort Barrancas, and Spanish Water Battery are open on the following dates:

Saturday, August 23, 2025
Friday, September 26, 2025
Friday, October 24, 2025
Friday, November 28, 2025
Friday, December 26, 2025
Friday, January 23,

Weather:
Weather along the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico can change quickly. During the winter temperatures range from 40-70 degrees fahrenheit, rain is less common than other seasons. Snow and freezing temperatures are not common. During the summer temperatures range from 70-100+ degrees fahrenheit. Rain is common during the summer with many thunderstorms. Hurricanes impact the area during the tropical storm season between June and November. Tornadoes can impact the area during the Spring and Fall.