Guadalupe Mountains National Park
State(s): TX

Description:
Come experience mountains and canyons, desert and dunes, night skies and spectacular vistas within a place unlike any other. Guadalupe Mountains National Park protects the world's most extensive Permian fossil reef, the four highest peaks in Texas, an environmentally diverse collection of flora and fauna, and the stories of lives shaped through conflict, cooperation and survival.

Directions:
Guadalupe Mountains National Park is located on the north side of US Hwy 62/180. If you are traveling east from El Paso, TX, we are 110 miles East of the city. Follow US Hwy 62/180 North to the Pine Springs Visitor Center. If you are traveling from Van Horn, TX, you will travel north on US 54 and make a right-hand turn at the junction of US 62/180 to arrive at the park. If you are traveling west from Carlsbad, NM, you will travel on US Hwy 62/180 South and cross into Texas. Follow signs to the park.

Operating Hours:
Pine Springs: The Pine Springs area, including the campground, visitor center, trailhead, and associated parking areas are open and accessible all of the time during normal operations. Camping is permitted in designated campsites only.
Salt Basin Dunes: Located on the remote west side of the park, these striking dunes cover nearly 2,000 acres. The Salt Basin Dunes are designated day use only and are accessible for visitation beginning at sunrise to 30 minutes after sunset. Camping is specifically prohibited.

The surface of the access road is clay. During rainy weather, the road becomes dangerously slippery; it is unsafe to travel when wet. The speed limit is 25 miles per hour. Watch for livestock on the roadway.
McKittrick Canyon: McKittrick Canyon is designated as day-use only, with visiting hours from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. (Mountain Time) daily. Please exit McKittrick Canyon before the posted closing time. The entrance gate on U.S.Highway 62/180 is locked each evening.
Frijole Ranch: The Frijole Ranch Road provides access to the Frijole Horse Campsites, the Frijole Ranch History Museum, and the associated trailhead. A picnic area is located at the end of the road. Camping is permitted in designated campsites only.
Dog Canyon: Dog Canyon lies in a secluded, forested canyon on the north end of the park at an elevation of 6,300 feet. Remote and far removed from civilization; it stands at the edge of the wilderness boundary, and offers an ideal location for quiet camping, birding, hiking, and solitude. A visitor center, trailhead, and campground are available. The Dog Canyon district is open all day during normal park operations.

Weather:
The Guadalupe Mountains are known for high winds year-round; gusts can reach 60MPH or higher. In winter the mountains experiences occasional, light snowfalls which seldom last more than a day. From May through October, temperatures vary with highs between 80F-100F+ with lows in the 40F-60F range. November to April is generally milder with highs in between 50F-70F with lows in the 30F-50F range. Elevations above 8,000’ will be about 10F cooler than headquarters, with corresponding wind-chill.