Harry S Truman National Historic Site
State(s): MO

Description:
President Harry S Truman took America from its traditional isolationism into the age of international involvement. Despite his power, he never forgot where he came from. Today, visitors can experience the surroundings Truman knew as a young man of modest ambition through his political career and final years as a former president.

Directions:
The Visitor Center is located at 223 North Main Street. From the north or south, take I-435 to Truman Road (State Hwy 12), exit 60. Travel east on Truman Road three miles; you'll pass the Truman Home at Delaware Street. From the east or west, take I-70 to the Noland Road exit (12). Travel north on Noland Road four miles to Truman Road. Turn west on Truman Road and travel two blocks. The Truman Home is five blocks to the west of the visitor center.

Operating Hours:
Truman Home, Visitor Center - Independence: Take a guided tour of the historic Truman Home. With thousands of artifacts on display, the home is an insightful glimpse into the personal lives of the Trumans. 

 Visitors must stop by the visitor center first to obtain tickets to tour the Home. Tickets are not issued at the Truman Home itself.

All tickets first come, first served on the day of. We can't make exceptions.

The Noland Home is self guided...you can stop in before or after your tour. (We recommend before.)
Truman Farm - Grandview: The Truman Farm in Grandview, Missouri is located at 12301 Blue Ridge Blvd.

Due to ongoing foundation construction, the park is suspending Truman Farm Home tours. The grounds are open year-round for self-guided tours. Audio tours are available on the NPS App.

Weather:
Located on the western edge of Missouri, the park enjoys each of the four seasons. Early spring brings frequent and rapid fluctuations in weather. The summer season has warm days, periods of high heat and humidity, and mild nights. The fall season is normally mild with sunny days and cool nights. Winters can be cold. The January low averages 21 degrees. The area receives a yearly average of 37 inches of rain per year and around 18 inches of snow. Our zip code is 64050 if you wish to go to www.weather.gov