Mount Rainier National Park
State(s): WA

Description:
Ascending to 14,410 feet above sea level, Mount Rainier stands as an icon in the Washington landscape. An active volcano, Mount Rainier is the most glaciated peak in the contiguous U.S.A., spawning five major rivers. Subalpine wildflower meadows ring the icy volcano while ancient forest cloaks Mount Rainier’s lower slopes. Wildlife abounds in the park’s ecosystems. A lifetime of discovery awaits.

Directions:
Mount Rainier National Park is located in west-central Washington state. Several major cities in Washington- Seattle, Tacoma, and Yakima- and Portland, Oregon, are within 200 miles of the park. For GPS to Nisqually Entrance use: 39000 State Route 706 E, Ashford, WA 98304.

Operating Hours:
Mount Rainier National Park: Mount Rainier National Park is open all year. Visitation peaks in July and August with warmer weather and  blooming wildflowers. In spring and autumn, weather determines the availability of facilities and roads. During winter months a number of roads, facilities, and entrances close for the season.
Nisqually: Located in the southwest corner of the park via SR 706, the Nisqually Entrance provides year-round access to the park. NOTE: To reach the Nisqually entrance using GPS use the address 39000 State Route 706 E, Ashford, WA 98304. Fee station. If entering the park outside of daylight hours, purchase an online pass at Recreation.gov in advance, or at the next available staffed entrance.
Carbon River: Carbon River Entrance in the northwest corner of the park is open year-round via SR165 through Wilkeson. Vehicle access is permitted only to the park entrance. Beyond that point the Carbon River Road is open to pedestrians and bicyclists. Pay entrance fees at Carbon River Ranger Station a few miles before park boundary or use payment envelopes after hours.
White River: Sunrise, White River, and southbound SR 123 are accessed via SR 410 from Enumclaw through the White River Entrance, open from late June to mid October. Fee station located on turn-off from SR 410 on the road to Sunrise. Hours may vary. Fee envelopes available for after hours.
Chinook: In summer, travelers coming from east of the Cascades can enter the park using Chinook Pass (SR410), passing under the Chinook Entrance Arch walking bridge. Entrance open June to mid-November, 24 hours a day. No fee station; purchase pass at the next available staffed entrance.
Stevens Canyon: Branching off of SR123 just north of Ohanapecosh, Stevens Canyon Entrance provides access to Stevens Canyon Road, Paradise, and the west side of the park. Open late May to mid September. Fee station with fee envelopes available after hours.
SR123/Ohanapecosh: Located along SR 123 via Hwy 12 from Yakima or Packwood, this park entrance is open 24 hours a day from late May to early November. This is the closest entrance to the Ohanapecosh area. No fee station; purchase pass at the next available staffed entrance.
SR 410/North Entrance: In summer, travelers coming from the north can enter the park using SR410, which connects to SR123 and turns east at Cayuse Pass. Entrance open late May to early November, 24 hours a day. No fee station; purchase pass at the next available staffed entrance.

Weather:
Weather patterns at Mount Rainier are strongly influenced by the Pacific Ocean and elevation. The climate is generally cool and rainy, with summer highs in the 60s and 70s. While July and August are the sunniest months of the year, rain is very likely in spring, fall, and winter. Visitors should be aware that mountain weather is very changeable. In the higher elevations, like Paradise, winter can last from November to May with many feet of snow on the ground.