National Mall and Memorial Parks
State(s): DC

Description:
This is where the nation comes to remember and where history is made. As “America’s Front Yard,” the National Mall and Memorial Parks is home to many of our country’s most iconic memorials telling the story of people and events that shaped us as a nation. Each year, millions of people come to recreate, commemorate presidential legacies, honor our veterans, and make their voices heard.

Directions:
National Mall and Memorial Parks preserves more than one thousand acres of federal parkland in Washington, DC, including: the Washington Monument, Lincoln Memorial, Jefferson Memorial, Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial, Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial, Vietnam Veterans Memorial, Korean War Veterans Memorial, DC War Memorial, and East and West Potomac Parks; Pennsylvania Avenue National Historic Site, Ford's Theatre National Historic Site.

Operating Hours:
National Mall and Memorial Parks Sites: The public may visit the sites of National Mall and Memorial Parks 24 hours a day, with the exception of the Washington Monument which is open 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. 

Rangers are on duty at the sites to answer questions from 9:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. in November - February. They are on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 10 p.m. in March - October. Rangers offer interpretive programs daily and provide programs and information upon request. Rangers and volunteers will not be available Dec. 25, the park is still open to visitors.
Washington Monument: This site is open daily from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.. It has a regular one day a month closure for cleaning. It is also closed on Independence Day July 4 and Christmas Day December 25. 

Monthly Closures for 2023: Tuesday, January 10; Monday, February 6; Friday, March 3; Thursday, April 6; Tuesday, May 2; Monday, June 5; Friday, July 7; Thursday, August 3; Tuesday, September 5; Monday, October 2; Friday, November 3; Tuesday, December 5.

Weather:
Washington, DC has all four seasons. Humidity will make the temps feel hotter in summer and colder in winter. Spring (March - May) Temp: Average high is 65.5 degrees with a low of 46.5 degrees Summer (June - August) Temp: Average high is 86 degrees with a low of 68.5 degrees. Can get into the 100s. Fall (September - November) Temp: Average high is 68 degrees with a low of 51.5 degrees Winter (December - February) Temp: Average high is 45 degrees with a low of 30 degrees (Source: www.usclimatedata.com)