Petroglyph National Monument
State(s): NM

Description:
Petroglyph National Monument protects one of the largest petroglyph sites in North America, featuring designs and symbols carved onto volcanic rocks by Native Americans and Spanish settlers 400 to 700 years ago. These images are a valuable record of cultural expression and hold profound spiritual significance for contemporary Native Americans and for the descendants of the early Spanish settlers.

Directions:
GPS: Lat: 35.139 Long: -106.711 From Interstate 40, take the Unser Blvd. exit (#154) proceed north 3 miles to Western Trail. Turn left or west onto Western Trail and follow road to the Visitor Information Center parking lot. From Interstate 25, take the Paseo del Norte exit (#232) and proceed west to Coors Road exit south (must be in center lane to veer left at the Y). Proceed south on Coors Road to Western Trail. Turn right or west onto Western Trail and follow road to the Visitor Info Center parking lot.

Operating Hours:
Boca Negra Canyon: Staffed by our partner, the City of Albuquerque Open Space, this developed trail system consists of 3 short, paved trails with trail markers. Full-service restroom facility, picnic tables, shaded seating areas and a shaded patio area. See up to 100 petroglyphs in one hour if you walk all 3 trails. Last entry is at 4:00 pm daily and all visitors are swept out at 4:30 pm sharp. Pets not allowed on the petroglyph viewing trails. Trails are not accessible for wheelchairs or strollers.
Rinconada Canyon: An undeveloped trail system, no water or services are provided. A 2.2-mile round trip trail where up to 300 petroglyphs can be viewed, especially in the back of the canyon. The natural earth surface trail is easy to moderate to walk. Picnic tables are located in the parking lot. A vault toilet is available. No water. Open for hiking on holidays. After hours parking is available outside of the gated parking lot. Lock your vehicle, secure your valuables, do not leave any items visible. Leashed pets allowed.
Piedras Marcadas Canyon: Nestled in the northernmost tip of the monument, this undeveloped trail system is a 6.5-mile drive from the information center. The petroglyph viewing trail is 1.5 miles in and out. No water, no restroom, no amenities available. See up to 400 petroglyphs. Leashed pets allowed, pick-up waste & put in trash can. The non-gated parking lot is located off Golf Course Rd. at Jill Patricia St. (behind the Valvoline Motor Oil station, use Google maps). Stop by the information center for a free trail guide.
Volcanoes Day Use Area: No petroglyph viewing available. One to four miles of hiking trails lead you to the scenic overlook or around the bases of the cinder cones. Hiking to the tops of cones is prohibited. No water available. Vault restroom, benches, and trash cans available. Leashed pets allowed. Owners must pick-up waste & place in trash can. Parking lot is located off Atrisco Vista Blvd. (I-40 exit #149) approximately 4.7 miles north of Interstate 40. Stop by the information center for a free trail guide.

Weather:
Altitude approx. 5000 ft. Usually sunny and dry, with low relative humidity. Winter temperatures range from 40 to 50 degrees F. Summer temperatures range from 88-99 degrees F. 278 days of sunshine per year. Spring can be windy with 20 to 30 mph sustained winds which can produce periods of blowing sand and dust. For current weather forecast, Google Albuquerque weather.