San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
State(s): TX

Description:
Welcome to San Antonio Missions, a National Park Service site and the only UNESCO World Heritage Site in Texas. Each mission in the park is a center of community and has been since the early 1700s. They changed life in this region, introducing new technologies while enforcing new cultural guidelines. As you visit, reflect on change, culture, power, and how people have used the land.

Directions:
Park Headquarter's is located 4 miles south of downtown San Antonio. The four mission sites lay as a chain south of downtown. Mission Concepción is 3 miles, Mission San José and the park visitor center is 6 miles south, Mission San Juan is 3 miles south of San José, and Mission Espada lays another mile beyond. Written directions and GPS addresses can be found at the link below.

Operating Hours:
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park: Park grounds are open sunrise to sunset. Mission San José is open 9am-5pm. 
Our park store located in the Visitor Center is open daily 9 am to 1 pm and 2 pm to 5 pm. 
Park grounds are closed on Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, and New Year's Day.
Mission San José: Mission San José is open 9 am to 5 pm. 
The Visitor Center at Mission San José includes the Park Store and an information desk. 
Visit the Visitor Center for park information or to pick up your Junior Ranger booklet! 
Park Store is located inside of the Visitor Center and is open 9 am to 1 pm and 2 pm to 5 pm, 7 days/week.
Mission Espada and Mission San Juan: Contact Stations and museums at the two southern mission sites, Mission Espada and Mission San Juan.

Weather:
Over the course of a year, the temperature typically varies from 40°F to 95°F and is rarely below 29°F or above 100°F. The warm season lasts from May through September with an average daily high temperature above 90°F and a low of 75°F. The cold season lasts from November through February with an average daily high below 68°F and an average low of 40°F. The relative humidity ranges from 40-80% over the course of the year, which can be very uncomfortable to many people.