Timpanogos Cave National Monument
State(s): UT

Description:
The visitor center, caves, and cave tours have not yet opened for the 2026 season. Hike your way past stunning vistas to explore a hidden underground world. Taste the thrill of caving as you twist and bend to enter beautifully decorated rooms. Learn the science behind formations and hear stories of cave exploration and preservation. Experience and discover as you go – geologic mysteries await

Directions:
From I-15: Take Exit 284 (Alpine-Highland exit), turn east on State Highway 92 and proceed ten miles (16km) to the monument. UT 40 or U.S. 189: Travel UT 189 through Provo Canyon, west on Orem 800 North (UT 52). After 2.4 miles turn right on State Street UT- 89. After 3.8 miles, turn onto Pleasant Grove 100 East (UT 146). Stay on this road for almost five miles, as it turns in Canyon Road and takes you to the mouth of American Fork Canyon. Turn right up American Fork Canyon to visitor center.

Operating Hours:
Visitor Center: The Visitor Center is currently open for the season.
Cave Tours: Cave tours are available generally late-May through early October.
Picnic Areas: Picnic areas and Canyon Nature Trail are open year round (weather permitting). 

For up to date information, visit https://www.nps.gov/tica.
Administrative Building: Please Note: Visitors interested in cave tours are not required to stop at this building. Weekend closures of this facility do not affect cave tour operations.

This administrative building contains the PIV/CAC credentialing station and park administrative offices. During the winter season, we recommend calling in advance to ensure staff availability. The building is closed on all federal holidays.

Weather:
Although inside the caves its always 43-48 F, temperatures on the cave trail can range from the 30s up to above 100 degrees F, depending on time of year. Carrying drinking water is a necessity, especially in summer. In the mountains, weather sometimes presents interesting challenges. The cave and cave trail do not close due to rain, unless that rain is heavy enough to bring rockfall. They will close due to high winds/rockfall, or in lightning storms. Call the visitor center if you have specific concerns.