Upper Delaware Scenic & Recreational River
State(s): NY,PA

Description:
Canoe through rapids and quiet pools as the Delaware River winds its way through a valley of swiftly changing scenery or fish amid rolling hills and riverfront villages in one of the finest fishing rivers in the northeastern United States. The clean water of the Delaware, the last major undammed river in the eastern United States, supports a healthy ecosystem and offers tranquility and excitement.

Directions:
Many routes will bring you into the river corridor. New York Scenic Route 97 runs parallel to the river and connects Port Jervis, NY and Hancock, NY at each end of Upper Delaware Scenic and Recreational River. To the Zane Grey Museum: From NY 97, turn onto the Roebling Delaware Aqueduct and then turn right onto Scenic Drive. The museum will be located on the right. See complete directions on Upper Delaware Scenic & Recreational River's Directions webpage.

Operating Hours:
Upper Delaware Scenic and Recreational River: Upper Delaware Scenic and Recreational River is open year-round. Limited river access may occur during winter months due to ice and snow build up on public accesses. River information may be obtained by calling the park's River Hotline at 845-252-7100. This hotline is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week from May 1 to October 1.
Zane Grey Museum: The Zane Grey Museum is open from Memorial Day weekend to the last weekend of September. During this period, the museum is open Thursday - Sunday from 10:00am - 4:00pm. In the winter season, the museum will reopen for the Eagle Watching season January and February 2025.
Roebling Bridge Toll House: The Roebling Delaware Aqueduct, also known as the Roebling Bridge, was built as an aqueduct to carry canal boats over the Delaware River on the Delaware and Hudson Canal. The vehicular bridge and walkways are open year-round, all hours of the day.

The Roebling Bridge Toll House, located on the New York side of the bridge, is open daily from 9AM - 4PM, weather permitting.

Weather:
Spring: Temperatures usually range from lows of 26°F to highs of 80°F with average rainfall of 5 inches. Summer: Temperatures usually range from lows of 55°F to highs of 85°F with average rainfall of 4 inches. Fall: Temperatures usually range from lows of 30°F to highs of 83°F. Fall foliage is at its peak sometime in October as daily mountain temperatures vary frequently and influence the change. Winter: Temperatures usually range from lows of 15°F to highs of 49°F.