Valley Forge National Historical Park
State(s): PA

Description:
Valley Forge is the place where George Washington and the Continental Army took refuge during the winter of 1777-1778. Today the park protects 3,500 acres of meadows, woodlands, historic landscapes, and monuments commemorating the resolve of the Revolutionary War generation and honoring the power of people to pull together, overcome adversity, and find renewal through transformation.

Directions:
The park is conveniently located off of U.S. Route 422. The main entrance to the park is at the intersection of State Route 23 and North Gulph Road. From the Pennsylvania Turnpike, take Exit 326. From Interstate I-76, take Route 422 West to Route 23 West/Valley Forge. From State Route 252, take State Route 23 East.

Operating Hours:
Park Grounds: The park grounds including roads, parking lots, trails, and monuments are open from 7am to dark (30 minutes after sunset) year round. 

Park grounds remain open on Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years Day.
Visitor Center at Valley Forge: Open daily, 9 AM to 5 PM. Closed Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, and New Year's Day.
Washington's Headquarters: Washington's Headquarters has summer hours and winter hours. Summer hours (when the house is open daily from 10 AM to 5 PM) go into effect on the second Sunday in March when Daylight Savings Time begins. Winter hours through December (when the house is open daily, 10 AM to 4 PM) go into effect on the first Sunday in November when Daylight Savings Time ends. Winter hours in the new year (when the house is open weekends only, 10 AM to 4 PM) go into effect on Jan 1.
Varnum's Quarters: An encampment-era building.

Weather:
Winters at Valley Forge are cold and damp with a cool spring and fall and a hot and humid summer. Sturdy hiking shoes are recommended for outdoor recreation during the snowy winter season. Find more detailed weather information on the <a href=https://www.nps.gov/vafo/planyourvisit/weather.htm>Weather page.</a>