Vicksburg National Military Park
State(s): MS,LA

Description:
To Confederate President Jefferson Davis, Vicksburg was the "nailhead that holds the South's two halves together." President Abraham Lincoln remarked "Vicksburg is the key" to victory, and could be the north's lifeline into the south. As the federals closed in on the Fortress City, they were met by a ring of forts with over 170 cannon. The resulting battle would determine the war's outcome.

Directions:
Plane — Closest commercial airport: Jackson, MS, 50 miles to the east. Car — Directions to Vicksburg: From the east — Take Interstate 20 west to Vicksburg, MS. Use exit ramp 4B. Follow Clay Street (US-80) west 0.25 miles to park entrance. From the north — Take Interstate 55 south to Jackson, MS. To save time, use Interstate 220 bypass on west side of Jackson. Take Interstate 20 west to Vicksburg approximately 40 miles. Use exit ramp 4B. Follow Clay Street (US-80) west 0.25 miles to park entrance.

Operating Hours:
Visitor Center: The Visitor Center is open 8:30 am to 4:30 pm Wednesday-Sunday. Tour road is open from 8:30 am to 5 pm daily with last vehicle entry at 4:40 pm. Public restrooms are open at the Visitor Center and USS Cairo 7 days a week. Park grounds are open sunrise to sunset daily. Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas Day, and New Year's Day.
Vehicle Access to Tour Road: Tour Road is open to vehicles from 8:30 am-5 pm.  Last vehicle entry on the tour road is 4:40 pm. Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas Day, and New Year's Day.
USS Cairo Outdoor Exhibit Area: The USS Cairo outdoor exhibit area including the ironclad itself is open 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM daily. Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas Day, and New Year's Day.
USS Cairo Museum: The USS Cairo Museum is open 7 days a week from 8:30AM till 4:30PM. Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas Day, and New Year's Day.
Vicksburg National Military Park Grounds: Park Roads are open to pedestrians and bicyclists from sunrise to sunset.  Tour road is open to vehicles 8:30 am to 5 pm with last entry at 4:40 pm.

Weather:
Spring and fall in Vicksburg are always very pleasant with cool nights and warm, sunny days with temperatures ranging from lows of 40 degrees to highs of 70 degrees. Winter weather in Mississippi is usually mild except for occasional cold air invasions which normally last only a couple of days. Temperatures range from lows of 30 degrees to highs of 50 degrees. In the summer, weather is consistently hot, beginning in the low 70's and climbing to highs ranging from 80-100 degrees in the afternoon.