Yellowstone National Park
State(s): ID,MT,WY

Description:
On March 1, 1872, Yellowstone became the first national park for all to enjoy the unique hydrothermal wonders. Today, millions of people come here each year to camp, hike, and enjoy the majesty of the park.

Directions:
Yellowstone National Park covers nearly 3,500 square miles in the northwest corner of Wyoming (3% of the park is in Montana and 1% is in Idaho). Yellowstone has five entrance stations, and several are closed to regular vehicles during winter. It takes many hours to drive between these entrances, so be sure to check the status of roads at the entrance you intend to use while planning your trip and before you arrive.

Operating Hours:
All Park Hours: Yellowstone is open daily, year-round, although activities and services are limited at night and certain times of year. The park has five entrance stations, but not all entrance stations are open year-round. Make sure to carefully read about access at each station at different times of year. And remember, all dates are weather-dependent.

Please note that camping is possible only in designated campgrounds.
West Entrance: Adjacent to the town of West Yellowstone, Montana, the West Entrance is usually open (weather-dependent) to wheeled vehicles from the third Friday in April through early November, and to tracked-oversnow (snowmobiles and snowcoaches) vehicles from December 15 to March 15.
North Entrance: Near the gateway community of Gardiner, Montana, the North Entrance is the only park entrance open to wheeled vehicles all year. November through April, the North Entrance provides the only access to Cooke City, Montana. US Highway 212 east of Cooke City is closed to wheeled vehicles November through April. The road from Mammoth to Norris opens to wheeled vehicles the third Friday in April through early November, and to tracked-oversnow vehicles, conditions permitting, from December 15 to early March.
East Entrance: Depending on the weather and conditions, this entrance usually opens to wheeled vehicles the first Friday in May and to tracked-oversnow vehicles December 22 through March 15.
South Entrance: Open (weather-dependent) to wheeled vehicles from the second Friday in May through early November and to tracked-oversnow vehicles from December 15 to March 15. Limited services are available near the South Entrance.
Northeast Entrance: Near the gateway communities of Silver Gate and Cooke City, Montana, this entrance is open year around for wheeled vehicle access to Cooke City through Gardiner, Montana. US Highway 212 east of Cooke City is closed to wheeled vehicles November through April. Opening dates for roads east of Cooke City vary from year to year, depending on the weather. The Beartooth Highway is open from late May/early June (weather dependent) to mid October.

Weather:
Yellowstone's weather can vary quite a bit, even in a single day. In the summer, daytime highs can exceed 70째F (21째C), only to drop 20 or more degrees when a thunderstorm rolls through. It can snow during any month of the year, and winter lows frequently drop below 0째F (-18째C), especially at night. Bring a range of clothing options, including a warm jacket and rain gear, even in the summer.